Medizinische Massage Zürich | Functiomed ­ Medizinische Massage Zürich | Functiomed We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Duration 6 months Description Google Recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::a Duration never Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::f Duration never Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::b Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie elementor Duration never Description The website's WordPress theme uses this cookie. It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Cookie JSESSIONID Duration session Description New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _gcl_au Duration 3 months Description Google Tag Manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services. Cookie _ga_* Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. Cookie _ga Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. Cookie _gid Duration 1 day Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. Cookie _gat_UA-* Duration 1 minute Description Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. No cookies to display. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. No cookies to display. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by MEDIZINISCHE MASSAGE Die medizinische Massage hat zum Ziel, verkrampfte und verspannte Muskeln wieder zu lösen. Mit den verschiedenen Grifftechniken wird flächig oder auch punktuell auf Problemstellen eingegangen. Wir erreichen mit der klassischen Massage eine Mehrdurchblutung, können den Muskeltonus regulieren und bauen Schlackenstoffe ab. Mit einer Massage erreichen wir so, ein besseres Wohlbefinden für den ganzen Körper. Mit der Fussreflexzonenmassage arbeiten wir hauptsächlich an der Fusssohle. Jedes Organ ist am Fuss an einer bestimmten Stelle zu finden und kann so reflektorisch beeinflusst werden. Dies führt indirekt zur Entspannung. Bei der Hot Stone Massage sprechen wir eigentlich mehr von einer Wellness Massage. Allerdings können die heissen Steine auch bei einer klassischen Massage gezielt und sehr effektiv eingesetzt werden. Der Behandlungsablauf unterscheidet sich nur gering fügig von der klassischen Massage. Bei der Sportmassage geht man etwas tiefer ins Gewebe und es kommen weitere Grifftechniken zum Einsatz als bei der klassischen Massage. Die eigentliche Sportmassage richtet sich an Sportler die unmittelbar vor und nach dem Wettkampf behandelt werden wollen. Vor dem Wettkampf zum Aktivieren, nach dem Wettkampf zum Regenerieren und entschlacken der Muskeln. Sign up for our exclusive newsletter to get the latest update. GO Thank you for subscribing X