FunctioTraining Zürich | Functiomed ­ FunctioTraining Zürich | Functiomed We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Duration 6 months Description Google Recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::a Duration never Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::f Duration never Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::b Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie elementor Duration never Description The website's WordPress theme uses this cookie. It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Cookie JSESSIONID Duration session Description New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _gcl_au Duration 3 months Description Google Tag Manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services. Cookie _ga_* Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. Cookie _ga Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. Cookie _gid Duration 1 day Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. Cookie _gat_UA-* Duration 1 minute Description Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. No cookies to display. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. No cookies to display. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by FUNCTIOTRAINING Mit gezielten und auf Ihr Bedürfnis abgestimmten Übungen werden die verschiedenen muskulären Eigenschaften wie Ausdauer, Koordination, Kraft und Flexibilität an unseren Geräten geschult. Wir bieten die Möglichkeit in unserem Trainingsbereich, unter Betreuung an den Geräten zu trainieren. Für alle die, welche nicht gerne in ein Fitnesscenter gehen möchten und die Qualität eines medizinischen Zentrums nutzen wollen. Es gibt die Möglichkeit verschiedene Abonnemente zu lösen. Der Preis variiert nach Dauer des Abonnements. Das Abonnement beinhaltet folgende Leistungen: die Benützung der Trainingsgeräte, welche keine persönlichen Instruktionen benötigen ein Einführungs- und Kontrolltraining, welches von einem Physiotherapeuten oder einer Physiotherapeutin angeleitet wird das Erstellen eines individuellen Trainingsplans, welcher auf Ihre Bedürfnisse abgestimmt wird. das Erstellen eines individuellen Trainingsplans, welcher auf Ihre Bedürfnisse abgestimmt wird Unser functiotraining ist Qualitop anerkannt. Bitte klären Sie mit Ihrer Krankenkasse die Kostenübernahme. PREISE 1/2 Jahres Abo Fr. 400.- / Fr. 360.- (AHV/IV/Studenten) Jahres Abo Fr. 750.- / Fr. 675.- (AHV/IV/Studenten) 2 Jahres Abo Fr. 1400.- / Fr. 1260.- (AHV/IV/Studenten) Medizinische Trainingstherapie (MTT) Die MTT (gültig für 3 Monate) gehört zu den Leistungen der Grundversicherung und muss von einem Arzt schriftlich verordnet werden. Die verordnete MTT beinhaltet das gleiche Angebot wie das functiotraining. ÖFFNUNGSZEITEN TRAININGSFLÄCHE Mo – Do 07:00 – 19:00 Uhr Freitag 07:00 – 17:00 Uhr Samstag 08:00 – 15:00 Uhr Sign up for our exclusive newsletter to get the latest update. GO Thank you for subscribing X